# @markup rdoc

= History of Changes

=== 0.8.3 / 2012-08-31

This is a primarily a bug-fix release, with some packaging changes.

* Have removed the dependency on Hoe.  The build is now vanilla gemspec based.

* Included support for {gem-testers}[http://test.rubygems.org/].

* Included support for {Bundler}[http://gembundler.com/].

* Implemented the +as_json+ method to support Rails' JSON encoding,
  by pulling in the changes by Eric Cline (https://github.com/escline).

* Partial fix for {Github Bug
  #5}[https://github.com/evolve75/RubyTree/issues/5].  This is to
  prevent infinite looping is an existing node is added again
  elsewhere in the tree.

* Fixed the issue with using +integers+ as node names, and its
  interaction with the +TreeNode#[]+ access method {Github Bug
  #6}[https://github.com/evolve75/RubyTree/issues/6].

* Clarified the need to have unique node names {Github Bug
  #7}[https://github.com/evolve75/RubyTree/issues/7] (documentation).

* Fixed +siblings+ method to return an empty array for the root node as
  well (it returned +nil+ earlier).

=== 0.8.2 / 2011-12-15

* Minor bug-fix release to address bug #1215 (Tree::TreeNode#to_s
  breaks if @content or @parent.name is not a string).

=== 0.8.1 / 2010-10-02

* This is the public release of R0.8.0, with additional bug-fixes.
  Note that R0.8.0 will not be released separately as a publicly
  available Rubygem. All changes as listed for R0.8.0 are available in
  this release.

* The main change in R0.8.0/R0.8.1 is conversion of all CamelCase
  method names to snake_case.  The old CamelCase method names will
  still work (to ensure backwards compatibility), but will also
  display a warning.

* The TreeNode#add method now accepts an optional child insertion
  point.

* The subtree from the current node can now be cloned in its entirety
  using the `TreeNode#detached_subtree_copy' method.

* A major bug-fix for bug #28613 which impacted the Binarytree
  implementation.  See
  http://rubyforge.org/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=28613&group_id=1215&atid=4793
  for details.

* Minor code re-factoring driven by the code-smell checks using reek.

* Inclusion of the `reek' code-smell detection tool in the Rakefile.

=== 0.8.0 / 2010-05-04

* Updated the 'add' method to allow the optional specification of an insertion position in the child array.

* Added a new method 'detached_subtree_copy' to allow cloning the entire tree (this method is also aliased as 'dup').

* Converted all CamelCase method names to the canonical ruby_method_names (underscore separated).  The CamelCase methods
  can still be invoked, but will throw a Deprecated warning.  The support for old CamelCase methods will go away some
  time in the future, so the user is advised to convert all current method invocations to the new names.

=== 0.7.0 / 2010-05-03

* Added new methods to report the degree statistics of a node.

* Added a convenience method alias 'level' to 'nodeDepth'.

* Converted the exceptions thrown on invalid arguments to 'ArgumentError' instead of 'RuntimeError'.

* Converted the documentation to Yard format.

* Added new methods for converting from/to JSON formats.  Thanks to Dirk Breuer[http://github.com/railsbros-dirk] for
  this fork[http://github.com/galaxycats/].

* Added a separate API-CHANGES documentation file.

* Added fixes for root related edge conditions to 'isOnlyChild?', 'nextSibling', 'previousSibling' and 'remove' methods.

* Removed the 'ChangeLog' file as this can now be generated from the git logs.

* Other minor code cleanup.

=== 0.6.2 / 2010-01-30

* Updated the documentation.

=== 0.6.1 / 2010-01-04

* Changed the hard-dependency on the 'structured_warnings' RubyGem to a soft-dependency - which lets Rubytree still
  work if this RubyGem is not available.  The rationale for this is that we should not require the user to install a
  separate library just for one single edge-case function (in this case, to indicate a deprecated method).  However, if
  the library _is_ available on the user's system, then it will get used.

=== 0.6.0 / 2010-01-03

* Fixed the bug#22535[http://rubyforge.org/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=22535&group_id=1215&atid=4793] where the
  depth method was actually returning height+1 (not the depth).

* Marked the Tree::TreeNode#depth method as *deprecated* (and introduced the run-time dependency on
  structured-warnings[http://github.com/schmidt/structured_warnings] gem).

=== 0.5.3 / 2009-12-31

* Cleanup of the build system to exclusively use Hoe.
* Modifications and reformatting to the documentation.
* No user visible changes.

=== 0.5.2 / 2007-12-21

* Added more test cases and enabled ZenTest compatibility for the test case
  names.

=== 0.5.1 / 2007-12-20

* Minor code refactoring.

=== 0.5.0 / 2007-12-18

* Fixed the marshalling code to correctly handle non-string content.

=== 0.4.3 / 2007-10-09

* Changes to the build mechanism (now uses Hoe).

=== 0.4.2 / 2007-10-01

* Minor code refactoring. Changes in the Rakefile.

;; Local Variables:
;; mode: rdoc
;; End:
